[Music]
and preppy tur I present this evergreen
and I hope will be a symbol of our
feelings for each other that we will be
constant in caring all our lives she
gave me a twig she's not another
embroider she it wasn't mentioned to my
new wife the Empress of Russia ever
since I was a child I thought that
creepiness was in store for me oh I got
himself into spat me fast on this earth
for a reason I want to make you a woman
then for comedy I guess rabbit
there's a way of things here I'm
beginning to see that we could rule
Russia in a different way I roll
you surf I am the most loved ruler in
all of Russian history
don't worry about the bodies I'm a
prisoner here married to an idiot - do
you mean to say Russia does not go to an
heir if there is not one
if the Emperor dies Russia goes to the
impressive
[Music]
do not cross me or you will pay
endlessly
there are many unhappy and we're looking
for a leader I hope I am looking at her
this is science
enjoy
you